[PLGN-740] Insight Agent - `Get Agent Details`: Now it's possible to search for agent by public IP Address | Updated the SDK to latest version (#2342)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: plugins/rapid7_insight_agent/help.md

  
Example output:

```
{
  "agent": {
    "agent_info": {
      "agentSemanticVersion": "ExampleVersion",
      "agentStatus": "STALE",
      "quarantineState": {
        "currentState": "QUARANTINED"
      }
    },
    "host": {
      "attributes": [],
      "description": "ExampleDescription",
      "hostNames": [
        {
          "name": "ExampleHostname"
        }
      ],
      "primaryAddress": {
        "ip": "12.43.13.43",
        "mac": ""
      },
      "uniqueIdentity": [],
      "vendor": "Microsoft",
      "version": "10"
    },
    "id": "ExampleID",
    "platform": "windows",
    "publicIpAddress": "192.168.0.1"
  }
}
```

#### Get All Agents by IP Address
  
This action is used to find all agents that share the same public or private IP address and display details about them

**WARNING!**

> Please note that taking actions such as automatically quarantining machines (`Quarantine` action) with this response may result in the isolation of all machines that share the same public IP address. This action should be taken at your own risk.

Reviewer: Suggested reword: 
with this response -> based on the response of this action

# Version History

> * 2.0.2 - `Get Agent Details`: Now it's possible to search for agent by public IO Address | Updated the SDK to latest version

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* 2.0.2 - `Get Agent Details`: New functionality to search for agent by public IP Address | Updated the SDK to latest version
```
